docs(js): Rewrite Angular documentation and add TryCatch options (#1695)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/collections/_documentation/platforms/javascript/index.md

_Import name: `Sentry.Integrations.TryCatch`_

This integration wraps native time and events APIs (`setTimeout`, `setInterval`, `requestAnimationFrame`,
`addEventListener/removeEventListener`) in `try/catch` blocks to handle async exceptions. By default, the Sentry SDK wraps all possible APIs.

Available options:

```javascript
{
  setTimeout: boolean;             // Wrap `setTimeout` callback functions
  setInterval: boolean;            // Wrap `setInterval` callback functions
  requestAnimationFrame: boolean;  // Wrap `requestAnimationFrame` callback functions
  XMLHttpRequest: boolean;         // Wrap `XMLHttpRequest.send` callback functions

>   eventTarget: boolean | string[]; // Wrap EventTarget API callback functions. For a list of constructors wrapped by default see: https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-javascript/blob/master/packages/browser/src/integrations/trycatch.ts

Author: ```suggestion
  eventTarget: boolean | string[]; // Wrap EventTarget API callback functions. Can provide an
                                   // array to only wrap callbacks on specific event targets. 
                                   // For a list of targets wrapped by default, see
                                   // https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-javascript/blob/master/packages/browser/src/integrations/trycatch.ts
```

}

> ```

Reviewer: Damn - how have we gone this long without this? 🤔

Good addition.

Author: I used the first variant to make it consistent with  `Breadcrumbs` format. 
And I have no idea how we lived without it :D

Reviewer: 👍🏻
